add general note component, add notes to classic guides to clarify OIE behavior (#3014)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/concepts/redirect-vs-embedded/index.md

 -->
![Redirect authentication](/img/redirect-auth-seq-flow.png "Redirect authentication sequence flow")

### Redirect summary

* Works out of the box.
* Easy to use with no maintenance and no updates.
* Hosted and secured by Okta.
* [XSS](https://developer.okta.com/books/api-security/sanitizing/common-attacks/#xss-cross-site-scripting) (cross-site scripting) attacks on your application will not affect the sign-in experience.
* Easy to integrate manually or with a generic OpenID Connect client.
* Extremely customizable through HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
* Complex logic changes that require source code access are limited.
* The user is redirected out of the application, to Okta, and then back to the application.
* Handles most client deployment requirements.

### Deploy the redirect authentication model when

- you have multiple applications or use third-party applications and need SSO.
- you want Okta to control the authentication flows through policy configuration.
- you want Okta to control upgrades to take advantage of new functionality.
- your application already uses an OAuth 2.0 or SAML provider to sign in.

## Embedded authentication

> Embedded authentication is the process of authenticating user credentials directly at the client application site using an embedded Sign-In Widget or authentication SDK, or direct API calls. No redirection to Okta is required. The client application's code determines the methods and processes necessary to authenticate, and uses SDKs to validate the credentials. Client applications create their own application sessions for user access, and may also exchange tokens with a Security Token Service (STS) to provide SSO access to other Service Providers (CRM, IT, HR, and so on). Using this deployment model, the client’s sign-in page can render native user experiences and use native platform APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Embedded authentication is the process of authenticating user credentials directly at the client application site using an embedded Sign-In Widget, authentication SDK, or direct API calls. Redirection to Okta isn't required. The client application's code determines the methods and processes necessary to authenticate, and then uses SDKs to validate the credentials. Client applications create their own application sessions for user access, and may also exchange tokens with a Security Token Service (STS) to provide SSO access to other Service Providers (CRM, IT, HR, and so on). Using this deployment model, the client’s sign-in page can render native user experiences and use native platform APIs.
```

<EmbeddedBrowserWarning />

> The Customer-hosted embedded Sign-In Widget is considered the best balance of flexibility and effort to integrate, and is recommended if an integration requires a deeper level of customization than is available via an Okta-hosted sign-In Widget. The embedded Sign-In Widget works by embedding the open source [Okta Sign-In Widget](https://github.com/okta/okta-signin-widget) into the application's web page. The Sign-In Widget is built and updated by Okta, uses industry best practice security design, and is added to a page with a few lines of HTML/JavaScript. It can be loaded directly from the CDN, NPM, or built from source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The customer-hosted embedded Sign-In Widget is considered the best balance of flexibility and effort to integrate, and is recommended if an integration requires a deeper level of customization than is available through an Okta-hosted Sign-In Widget. The embedded Sign-In Widget works by embedding the open source [Okta Sign-In Widget](https://github.com/okta/okta-signin-widget) into the application's web page. The Sign-In Widget is built and updated by Okta, uses industry best practice security design, and is added to a page with a few lines of HTML/JavaScript. You can load it directly from the CDN, NPM, or built from source.
```

![Customer-hosted widget](/img/CustomerHosted.png "Displays the integration for a customer-hosted Sign-In Widget")

> The look and feel is customized directly through HTML/CSS/SASS and JavaScript. Features are configured within the Okta Admin Console and enabled through JavaScript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The look and feel is customized directly through HTML/CSS/SASS and JavaScript. Features are configured within the Admin Console and enabled through JavaScript.
```

 -->
![Embedded authentication](/img/embedded-auth-seq-flow.png "Embedded authentication sequence flow diagram")

### Embedded summary

> * Moderate maintenance may be required. If using a CDN, maintenance is more limited as it is being kept up-to-date by Okta. NPM packages a specific version of the widget, which means that it may need to be updated in the project periodically. Customized or local versions of the Sign-In Widget source code would require regular updating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Moderate maintenance may be required. If using a CDN, maintenance is more limited as it is being kept up-to-date by Okta. NPM packages a specific version of the Widget, which means that it may need to be updated in the project periodically. Customized or local versions of the Sign-In Widget source code require regular updating.
```

> * A great level of source code customization control while being drastically easier, and more secure, than building from scratch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A great level of source code customization control is offered while being drastically easier and more secure than building from scratch.
```

> * Slightly increased risk in security due to Okta not being able to guarantee that the Sign-In Widget has been implemented correctly. Specifically, the application code may have the ability to access the credentials that the user has entered into the Sign-In Widget, which need to be kept secure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* There is a slightly increased risk in security due to Okta not being able to guarantee that the Sign-In Widget has been implemented correctly. Specifically, the application code may have the ability to access the credentials that the user has entered into the Sign-In Widget, which need to be kept secure.
```

* XSS (cross-site scripting) attacks on your application may result in stolen sign-in credentials.

> * Higher level of effort to integrate and maintain compared to the Okta-hosted Sign-In Widget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A higher level of effort to integrate and maintain is required compared to the Okta-hosted Sign-In Widget.
```

> * Keeps the user in the application, reducing redirects to and from Okta.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The user is kept in the application, which reduces redirects to and from Okta.
```

## Deployment models and the Authentication API

> The following table details the configurations that define which Authentication API (either Okta Classic Engine or Identity Engine) your application is using based on your deployment model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table details the configurations that define which Authentication API (either Okta Classic Engine or Okta Identity Engine) your application is using based on your deployment model.
```

| Deployment Model | Classic Engine Authentication API | Identity Engine Authentication API |
| ---------------- | --------------------------------- | ---------------------------------- |

> | **Redirect:<br>Okta Hosted Sign-In Widget**<br>To verify that the redirect deployment is used in your application code,<br>check to see if you are using one of these SDKs:<br>[Android](https://github.com/okta/okta-oidc-android), [Angular](https://github.com/okta/okta-angular), [ASP.NET](https://github.com/okta/okta-aspnet), [iOS](https://github.com/okta/okta-oidc-ios), [React](https://github.com/okta/okta-react), [React Native](https://github.com/okta/okta-react-native), [Vue](https://github.com/okta/okta-vue)| The API type depends on your [org configuration.](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-oie-version) | The API type depends on your [org configuration.](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-oie-version) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Redirect:<br>Okta Hosted Sign-In Widget**<br>To verify that the redirect deployment is used in your application code,<br>check that you are using one of these SDKs:<br>[Android](https://github.com/okta/okta-oidc-android), [Angular](https://github.com/okta/okta-angular), [ASP.NET](https://github.com/okta/okta-aspnet), [iOS](https://github.com/okta/okta-oidc-ios), [React](https://github.com/okta/okta-react), [React Native](https://github.com/okta/okta-react-native), [Vue](https://github.com/okta/okta-vue)| The API type depends on your [org configuration.](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-oie-version) | The API type depends on your [org configuration.](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-oie-version) |
```

| **Embedded:<br>Customer Hosted Sign-In Widget** | Your Sign-In Widget configuration is using:<br>`useInteractionCodeFlow: false`<br>**Or** the `useInteractionCodeFlow` property isn't present | Your Sign-In Widget configuration is using:<br>`useInteractionCodeFlow: true` |

> | **Embedded: SDKs** | To verify that the embedded deployment is used in<br>your application code, check to see if you are using one of these Classic Engine SDKs:<br>[Java](https://github.com/okta/okta-auth-java), [JavaScript](https://github.com/okta/okta-auth-js), [.NET](https://github.com/okta/okta-auth-dotnet), [Swift](https://github.com/okta/okta-auth-swift) | To verify that the embedded deployment is used in<br>your application code, check to see if you are using one of these Identity Engine SDKs:<br>[Android](https://github.com/okta/okta-idx-android), [ASP.NET](https://github.com/okta/okta-idx-dotnet), [Go](https://github.com/okta/okta-idx-golang), [iOS](https://github.com/okta/okta-idx-swift), [Java](https://github.com/okta/okta-idx-java), [Node.js](https://github.com/okta/okta-auth-js) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Embedded: SDKs** | To verify that the embedded deployment is used in<br>your application code, check that you are using one of these Classic Engine SDKs:<br>[Java](https://github.com/okta/okta-auth-java), [JavaScript](https://github.com/okta/okta-auth-js), [.NET](https://github.com/okta/okta-auth-dotnet), [Swift](https://github.com/okta/okta-auth-swift) | To verify that the embedded deployment is used in<br>your application code, check that you are using one of these Identity Engine SDKs:<br>[Android](https://github.com/okta/okta-idx-android), [ASP.NET](https://github.com/okta/okta-idx-dotnet), [Go](https://github.com/okta/okta-idx-golang), [iOS](https://github.com/okta/okta-idx-swift), [Java](https://github.com/okta/okta-idx-java), [Node.js](https://github.com/okta/okta-auth-js) |
```
